update $to modifier compatibility (#212)
AdguardTeam/KnowledgeBase: docs/general/ad-filtering/create-own-filters.md

:::info Compatibility

> Rules with the `$to` modifier are supported by AdGuard for Windows, Mac, and Android, **running CoreLibs version 1.12 or later**, and AdGuard Browser extension for Chrome, Firefox, Edge, **running TSUrlFilter v2.1.3 or later**.

Reviewer: Is Opera intentionally omitted?

Author: i got that from $domain modifier compatibility string. Opera is also chromium-based

Reviewer 2: Chromium and Firefox?

Reviewer 3: maybe no need to specify browsers since all of them are supported? I think `AdGuard Browser extension **running ...` is enough

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Rules with the `$to` modifier are supported by AdGuard for Windows, Mac, and Android, **running CoreLibs v1.12 or later**, and AdGuard Browser Extension, **running TSUrlFilter v2.1.3 or later**.
```
